Update execute-swap.mdx (#595)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/integrations/javascript-sdk/deprecated/execute-swap.mdx

### Message Receiver

> Anyone looking to integrate Chainflip **must implement the Solidity function signature** below on the receiving contract address for EVM chains (see [EVM integration](../../advanced/vault-swaps/vault-swaps.md) or the equivalent for Solana (see [Solana integration](../../advanced/cross-chain-messaging/sol-ccm.md#receive-call-and-asset-on-the-receiver-contract)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone looking to integrate Chainflip **must implement the Solidity function signature** below on the receiving contract address for EVM chains (see [EVM integration](../../advanced/cross-chain-messaging/evm-ccm.md#ccm-receiver-smart-contract-interface) or the equivalent for Solana (see [Solana integration](../../advanced/cross-chain-messaging/sol-ccm.md#receive-call-and-asset-on-the-receiver-program)).
```

Reviewer 2: Yes that's right, thanks @fernandezdavid
